Updates to Authentication best practices in Azure Maps (#126576)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-maps/authentication-best-practices.md

# Authentication best practices

> The security of your application is paramount. Regardless of how excellent the user experience is, an insecure application can be compromised by hackers, undermining its integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The security of your application is crucial. Regardless of how excellent the user experience is, an insecure application can be compromised by hackers, undermining its integrity and deteriorating user trust.
```
